Firstly I created 3 lists: "merged" (Which is used to stoed the final merged word as a string), list1 and list2 (where list1 is used to store word1 in the form of a list and list2 is used to store word2 in the form of a list )
Then, I used to 'for' loops to extract each letter from "word1" and "word2" and append it to the respective list.
Now we can focus on the main part of the code. Firstly, a 'while' loop is being used to form the backbone of code. 
Since the problem reuqires us to alternate between the letters in word1 and word2, We will need to created nested while loops: The main while loop helps to loop between the 2 nested while loops till all the letters in both word1 and word2 are used up. 
So, the first 'if' statement: if len(list1) == 0 and len(list2) == 0, helps check the number of letters left in the either list. 
Once all letters have been used up, both of the lengths will become 0 and this will cause the main loop to break.
Now, if this condition is not true, the loop moves on to the else statement. 
Here, you will see a variable called "looper". I use this varaible to loop through the three different while loops inside the main while loop. 
I create another if statement to focus purely on situations wherby looper is 1 or 2.
Inside each of this "while" loop (Yes I know its getting confusing) there is a if, elif and a else statement.
The if statement checks whether list1 and list2 have any other letters inside.
If not, it assigns looper as 3 which helps to break out of the entire nested loop. 
The 'elif' statement only checks if the the other word's list is 0.
For example, if len(list2) = 0, and looper = 2, it realises that list2 is 0 so there is no letters to append to merged and hence it will make looper = 1 and trigger the other while loop that focuses on appending list1 letters. 
Finally, the else statement simply appends the letters, then removes them, and changes looper to the other on, so '1 to 2' or '2 to 1'.
Finally, we will return ''.join(merged) to return the list as a string.
